README.md, before:

# Clipboard Sync

Synchronizes the clipboard across multiple X11 and wayland instances running on the same machine.

Example use cases:

- **Multiple displays**: You run x11 in one tty for games but otherwise use gnome in wayland, switching between desktops using ctrl-alt-F*, and you want both displays to have a unified clipboard.
- **Nested wayland**: You run a wayland compositor within a window. If you want to copy and paste anything from your primary desktop environment into the nested wayland window (or vice versa), you'll need clipboard-sync to synchronize the clipboards. examples:
  - you primarily use kde, but run sway in a window to consolidate all your messenger apps into a single tiled/tabbed window.
  - you use gnome and develop extensions for gnome, so you run a nested gnome environment for testing.

# Installation
If you want it installed system-wide or want the service to run automatically, use "Generic Linux." If you want to install it only for your user account and would like to manually run the command to start the sync, install with cargo.

### Arch Linux
[clipboard-sync](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/clipboard-sync) is available in the Arch User Repository.

### Generic Linux
Install rust: https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install
```bash
git clone https://github.com/dnut/clipboard-sync.git
cd clipboard-sync
git checkout 0.1.0
make
sudo make install
```
Uninstall with:
```bash
sudo make uninstall
```

### Cargo
Install rust: https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install

This will only install the executable, not the service.
```bash
cargo install clipboard-sync
```
Uninstall with:
```bash
cargo uninstall clipboard-sync
```

# Usage
The typical set-and-forget approach is to enable to service:
```bash
systemctl --user enable --now clipboard-sync
```

If you don't want it to run constantly, only on-demand, don't use systemd. Directly call the binary as needed:
```bash
clipboard-sync
```

Commit message:

better config/defaults, clean up code, and document user install which solves #15

README.md, after:

# Clipboard Sync

Synchronizes the clipboard across multiple X11 and wayland instances running on the same machine.

Example use cases:

- **Multiple displays**: You run x11 in one tty for games but otherwise use gnome in wayland, switching between desktops using ctrl-alt-F*, and you want both displays to have a unified clipboard.
- **Nested wayland**: You run a wayland compositor within a window. If you want to copy and paste anything from your primary desktop environment into the nested wayland window (or vice versa), you'll need clipboard-sync to synchronize the clipboards. examples:
  - you primarily use kde, but run sway in a window to consolidate all your messenger apps into a single tiled/tabbed window.
  - you use gnome and develop extensions for gnome, so you run a nested gnome environment for testing.

# Installation
If you want it installed system-wide or want the service to run automatically, use "Generic Linux." If you want to install it only for your user account and would like to manually run the command to start the sync, install with cargo.

### Arch Linux
[clipboard-sync](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/clipboard-sync) is available in the Arch User Repository.

### Generic Linux
Install rust: https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install
Download and compile the code:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/dnut/clipboard-sync.git
cd clipboard-sync
git checkout 0.1.0
make
```
It can be installed either to the system:
```bash
sudo make install
```
or only for the individual user:
```bash
make install prefix="$HOME" bin=.bin systemd=.config/systemd
```

Uninstall with:
```bash
sudo make uninstall
```
or for a user install:
```bash
make uninstall prefix="$HOME" bin=.bin systemd=.config/systemd
```

### Cargo
Install rust: https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install

This will only install the executable, not the service.
```bash
cargo install clipboard-sync
```
Uninstall with:
```bash
cargo uninstall clipboard-sync
```

# Usage
The typical set-and-forget approach is to enable to service:
```bash
systemctl --user enable --now clipboard-sync
```

If you don't want it to run constantly, only on-demand, don't use systemd. Directly call the binary as needed:
```bash
clipboard-sync
```
